update Id web templates (#2264)
AzureAD/microsoft-identity-web: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

# {PR title}
<!-- Thank you for submitting a pull request to our repo. -->

> <!-- If this is your first PR in the ASP.NET Core repo, please run through the checklist

Author: ```suggestion
<!-- If this is your first PR in the Id Web repo, please run through the checklist
```
